Document local debugging tutorials (Az Functions, Webservers) (#87)
Snazzah/slash-create: docs/examples/azure.md

- Invite your application to your server using this URL: `https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=[client-id]&scope=applications.commands`
- You're ready to go!

## Debugging locally 

> Waiting for the function to deploy over and over again each time you are a experimenting with a new feature can be tedious. 
> 
> To circumvent this problem, it is possible to create a local server. 
> 
> First, you will need to install [azure-cli](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli), and the [azure function runtime](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-run-local?tabs=windows%2Ccsharp%2Cbash) **version 3**. The runtime is a local emulator. 
> 
> Now you should be able to start the function locally by running **func start** or **npm run start** in the [Function name] directory.
> 
> By default, the function will start on port 7071. The **local** function invocation URL should be :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Waiting for the function to deploy over and over again each time you are a experimenting with a new feature can be tedious. To circumvent this problem, it is possible to create a local server. 

1. Install [azure-cli](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli), and the [Azure Functions runtime](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-run-local) **Version 3.x**.
2. Start the function locally by running `func start` or `npm run start` in the [Function name] directory.

By default, the function will start on port 7071. The **local** function invocation URL should be:
```

    https://localhost:7071/api/[function-name]

> All that's left to do is to expose this local url to the internet. A way to do this easily is to use [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/). Download and install ngrok.
> 
> In another terminal, input **ngrok http 7071**. This will prompt you with a "https://*.ngrok.io" URL. You can now follow the **Discord configuration** part above, and fill the "Interactions endpoint URL" input with the ngrok URL.
> 
> **Important Note** : Be aware that the ngrok url will expire after 2h. You will need to restart the ngrok command after this delay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, you need a public URL to use in interactions. An easy way to do this is with [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/). ([download](https://ngrok.com/download))
- In another terminal, run `ngrok http 7071`. This will prompt you with a "https://*.ngrok.io" URL. You can now follow the **Discord configuration** part above, and fill the "Interactions endpoint URL" input with the ngrok URL.
- **Note**: Be aware that the ngrok URL will expire after 2 hours. You will need to restart the ngrok command after this delay.
```
